at the beginning of the year - lucky GMT
viewers were chosen for a year-long
makeover journey with dr. bill Johnson
of innovations medical dr. bill joins us
now along with Lisette Rodriguez and biz
haddock with an update on their progress
good morning to all of you you ladies
are looking stunning dr. bill remind us
what these ladies journey has been like
through this past year well we've
started out with doing some fat transfer
procedures in particular the facial fat
transfer we can see pretty readily now
and it's really at his final results age
and we're at Lisette I mean that was a
big transformation that for her because
the fat transfer is a great usage of
kind of getting it fullness to the face
that we lose that volume as we age
that's right that's really becoming a
important part of anti aging facial
procedures because it restores the fat
which is what we've lost it does it in a
very natural way leaving you looking
like yourself especially around the
cheeks and lips and the best part about
that is that fat is transferred from
another part of your body where you
don't want that fat so where was the
liposuction done on both of these
candidates we took the fat from their
knees to do the face and then we also
did liposuction on their abdomens and on
their thighs and then we use that fat to
do natural breast augmentation and also
on their abdomen is that right yes we
did abdominal liposuction both on their
front of their abdomen and on their
flanks and that's a really popular
procedure because that's something that
you can really see immediate results and
these ladies are nodding their head a
little bit what other areas that they
have fat transfer done well we did a
natural breast augmentation on both and
one of the little secrets is we also did
fat transfer to the back of their hands
and it's a really great way to hide
those veins and tendons that you can do
fat transfer to the hand dr. bill
because you know especially us
fair-skinned women our hands seem to age
so much more and that kind of reveals
your age no matter what your faith might
look like we can help that yeah
with some Fetzer and we can talk later
okay he's looking at my hand saying
maybe you need some fat transfer well I
don't I don't mind that too much okay so
was that let's start with you how are
you feeling with all of this makeover
process having been completed what's
this year been like I love it
ah the best thing was he took out my
butt my belly fat and put it in all the
right places and the process was good
for you and wonderful and you're happy
with my results yes how about you what's
been the most rewarding for you I like
the fat transfer to the face because I
had a very skeletal face which was only
going to get more so that way I've lost
a lot of volume so he took that out of
all the right places he took last
Christmas and Thanksgiving and put it
into my face and you're obviously happy
with the results your you're smiling and
it's been a good process for you healthy
and a lot of GMT viewers are thinking
about at this time of the year those
family reunions and of course of the
holidays they're they're looking to
maybe improve upon themselves you have
some specials for us we do we're
continuing to specials we talked about
last time Amy we've got ten percent off
our awake abdominal class you're awake
tummy tuck right and we're still
offering Thermage face at our lowest
price ever at under $2,000 and the
benefits of that is there's still time
to the end of the year if you want to
look great for New Year's Eve these are
products and and services that offer
immediate result that's right dr. Phil
thank you so much for bringing these two
ladies back on with us today and if you
want more information about the all new
beginnings procedures log on to
innovations medical comm or give them a
call nine seven two three three one
eight eight four four four a
consultation and if you have a question
for dr. bill johnson just drop him an
email a question at innovations medical
calm and next you're giving away that
trip to Las Vegas stay with us
you